every commandment which I command you
every commandment which I command you today you must be careful to observe
today you must be careful to observe
today you must be careful to observe that you may live and multiply and go in
that you may live and multiply and go in
that you may live and multiply and go in and possess the land of which the Lord
and possess the land of which the Lord
and possess the land of which the Lord swore to your father's and you shall
swore to your father's and you shall
swore to your father's and you shall remember that the Lord your God led you
remember that the Lord your God led you
remember that the Lord your God led you all the way these 40 years in the
all the way these 40 years in the
all the way these 40 years in the wilderness to Humble you and test you to
wilderness to Humble you and test you to
wilderness to Humble you and test you to know what was in your heart whether you
know what was in your heart whether you
know what was in your heart whether you would keep his Commandments or not so he
would keep his Commandments or not so he
would keep his Commandments or not so he humbled you allowed you to hunger and
humbled you allowed you to hunger and
humbled you allowed you to hunger and fed you with manna which you did not
fed you with manna which you did not
fed you with manna which you did not know nor did your fathers know that he
know nor did your fathers know that he
know nor did your fathers know that he might make you know that man shall not
might make you know that man shall not
might make you know that man shall not live by bread alone man lives by every
live by bread alone man lives by every
live by bread alone man lives by every word that proceeds from the mouth of the
word that proceeds from the mouth of the
word that proceeds from the mouth of the Lord your garments did not wear out on
Lord your garments did not wear out on
Lord your garments did not wear out on you nor did your foot swell these 40
you nor did your foot swell these 40
you nor did your foot swell these 40 years you should know in your heart that
years you should know in your heart that
years you should know in your heart that as a man Chasen's his son so the Lord
as a man Chasen's his son so the Lord
as a man Chasen's his son so the Lord your God chastens you therefore you
your God chastens you therefore you
your God chastens you therefore you shall keep the commandments of the Lord
shall keep the commandments of the Lord
shall keep the commandments of the Lord your God to walk in his ways and to fear
your God to walk in his ways and to fear
your God to walk in his ways and to fear him for the Lord your God is bringing
him for the Lord your God is bringing
him for the Lord your God is bringing you into a good land a land of Brooks of
you into a good land a land of Brooks of
you into a good land a land of Brooks of water the fountains and Springs that
water the fountains and Springs that
water the fountains and Springs that flow out valleys and hills land of wheat
flow out valleys and hills land of wheat
flow out valleys and hills land of wheat and barley vines and feed
and barley vines and feed
and barley vines and feed trees and pomegranates a land of olive
trees and pomegranates a land of olive
trees and pomegranates a land of olive oil and honey a land in which you will
oil and honey a land in which you will
oil and honey a land in which you will eat bread without scarcity in which you
eat bread without scarcity in which you
eat bread without scarcity in which you will lack nothing a land whose stones
will lack nothing a land whose stones
will lack nothing a land whose stones are iron and out of whose hills you can
are iron and out of whose hills you can
are iron and out of whose hills you can dig copper when you have eat mmm and are
dig copper when you have eat mmm and are
dig copper when you have eat mmm and are full then you shall bless the Lord your
full then you shall bless the Lord your
full then you shall bless the Lord your God for the good land which he has given
God for the good land which he has given
God for the good land which he has given you beware that you do not forget the
you beware that you do not forget the
you beware that you do not forget the Lord your God by not keeping his
Lord your God by not keeping his
Lord your God by not keeping his Commandments his judgments and his
Commandments his judgments and his
Commandments his judgments and his statutes which I command you today lest
statutes which I command you today lest
statutes which I command you today lest when you have eaten an hour flow and
when you have eaten an hour flow and
when you have eaten an hour flow and have built beautiful houses and dwell in
have built beautiful houses and dwell in
have built beautiful houses and dwell in them
them
them and when your hers and your flocks
and when your hers and your flocks
and when your hers and your flocks multiply and your silver and your gold
multiply and your silver and your gold
multiply and your silver and your gold are multiplied and all that you have is
are multiplied and all that you have is
are multiplied and all that you have is multiplied when your heart is lifted up
multiplied when your heart is lifted up
multiplied when your heart is lifted up and you forget the Lord your God who
and you forget the Lord your God who
and you forget the Lord your God who brought you out of the land of Egypt
brought you out of the land of Egypt
brought you out of the land of Egypt from the house of bondage who led you
from the house of bondage who led you
from the house of bondage who led you through that great and terrible
through that great and terrible
through that great and terrible wilderness in which were fiery serpents
wilderness in which were fiery serpents
wilderness in which were fiery serpents and scorpions and thirsty land where
and scorpions and thirsty land where
and scorpions and thirsty land where there was no water who brought water for
there was no water who brought water for
there was no water who brought water for you out of the flinty Rock who fed you
you out of the flinty Rock who fed you
you out of the flinty Rock who fed you in the wilderness with manna which your
in the wilderness with manna which your
in the wilderness with manna which your fathers did not know that he might
fathers did not know that he might
fathers did not know that he might Humble you and that he might test you to
Humble you and that he might test you to
Humble you and that he might test you to do you good in the end then you say in
do you good in the end then you say in
do you good in the end then you say in your heart my power and the might of my
your heart my power and the might of my
your heart my power and the might of my hand
hand
hand have gained me this wealth and you shall
have gained me this wealth and you shall
have gained me this wealth and you shall remember the Lord your God for it is he
remember the Lord your God for it is he
remember the Lord your God for it is he who gives you power to get wealth that
who gives you power to get wealth that
who gives you power to get wealth that he may establish his covenant which he
he may establish his covenant which he
he may establish his covenant which he swore to your father's as it is this day
swore to your father's as it is this day
swore to your father's as it is this day then it shall be if you by any means
then it shall be if you by any means
then it shall be if you by any means forget the Lord your God and follow
forget the Lord your God and follow
forget the Lord your God and follow other gods and serve them and worship
other gods and serve them and worship
other gods and serve them and worship them I testify against you this day that
them I testify against you this day that
them I testify against you this day that you shall surely perish as the nations
you shall surely perish as the nations
you shall surely perish as the nations which the Lord destroys before you so
which the Lord destroys before you so
which the Lord destroys before you so you shall perish because you would not
you shall perish because you would not
you shall perish because you would not be obedient to the voice of the Lord
be obedient to the voice of the Lord
be obedient to the voice of the Lord your God
your God
your God [Music]